Update GraphQL intro/add notes about two queries. (#474)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/index.md

# GraphQL overview

> [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) is a data query language and runtime that revolutionizes how you build and consume APIs. Originally developed by Facebook in 2012 and open-sourced in 2015, GraphQL has become the preferred choice for modern applications that need efficient, flexible, and performant data fetching.

Reviewer: a little too much marketing imho

Adobe Commerce provides two comprehensive GraphQL implementations that serve as the ideal foundation for building next-generation commerce experiences, including [headless storefronts](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/get-started/) and sophisticated mobile applications.

-  Adobe Commerce on Cloud and on-premises (PaaS) projects can implement the GraphQL schemas that have long been available to Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source projects. Separate schemas are available for [core and B2B Commerce](../reference/graphql/2.4.8/index.md) functionality and service-based features, including [Catalog Service](./schema/catalog-service/index.md), [Live Search](./schema/live-search/index.md), and [Recommendations](./schema/product-recommendations/index.md). These schemas do not natively interact, but can be integrated with [API Mesh](https://developer.adobe.com/graphql-mesh-gateway/).

> - [Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/reference/graphql/saas/) (SaaS) projects can connect to a supergraph that not only combines and streamlines the schemas available to PaaS projects, but provides instant access to the latest features added in the [Storefront Compatability Package](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/setup/configuration/storefront-compatibility/v248/) and other sources. Therefore, SaaS projects can take advantage of the latest GraphQL features without needing to wait for a new release.

Reviewer: i don't think we use the term supergraph anywhere else, might be confusing.

## Why use GraphQL?

-  **Get exactly what you need.** Unlike traditional REST APIs that return fixed data structures, GraphQL lets you request exactly the fields you need in a single query. This means faster load times, reduced bandwidth usage, and better user experiences.

-  **Superior performance.** GraphQL minimizes over-fetching and under-fetching of data, allowing you to optimize performance by fetching only the necessary information in a single request. In addition, minimized data transfer is ideal for mobile and low-bandwidth environments.

> -  **Enhanced developer experience.** GraphQL's strongly typed schema and introspection capabilities provide powerful tools for developers. You can explore the API, get real-time feedback, and leverage auto-completion in modern IDEs, making development faster and more efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Enhanced developer experience.** GraphQL's strongly typed schema and introspection capabilities provide powerful tools for developers. You can explore the API, get realtime feedback, and leverage auto-completion in modern IDEs, making development faster and more efficient.
```
